this reasonable mild-mannered husband
and wife
end up like this you politic bomb
bomb this is a political I'm trying to
say real quick real quick
seriously pad mm-hmm you the
government announced something they're
calling the Patriots oath a
state-sponsored initiative to have
Americans sign a loyalty waiver to the
president the deadline for signing is
the day after Thanksgiving what is
happening in the country let's try to
avoid that conversation for the next
three days okay if these
bring up the oaths I'm gonna lose my
mind
what others what did he do you lit a
copy of the oath on fire and where are
you getting this information from at
fattest HP okay he's a good source at
fattest Patriot he's verified
he's a verified idiot my brother I
love him and I bet they sign the oath
like that you do know I'm a FEMINIST but
his girlfriend is it'll you're not using
that word in this house you can use
trash but you cannot use
that guy he's a trash okay that's
fine she's a trash
I'm Peter Yoon for with the division of
Homeland Security we received a report
that you were impeding a private
citizens choice to sign the oath do you
guys have a warrant I just think the
three of us should go for a ride ahead
like that before now it's time for
practical solutions okay house is gonna
hit I don't know when you go to Mexico
maybe we'd become Mexican nationals I
speak a little bit of Spanish I will
learn more
[Applause]
[Music]
you